trophy
How could I not know what's in it?
What's that?
It's just that I don't have a hobby of collecting junk
Our eldest lady is just a noble person who forgets things
Even if you forget it, it's normal
For this poor acid
Maybe this junk
It's something you can't accept in this life
People like you who are so vulgar that they only recognize money
Of course I don't know about the trophy.
You are noble, but you open the door
Let's see if that's what you said
Brother Song, what else do you have to say?
Is he really a down payment daughter?
We're not really mistaken?
We just threw him out
It's You
You must have introduced my career
Not me.
Gu Jinxi, you must have bought him
You two colluded
Put this junk in my room
You even dare to occupy the house with a down payment
Sure. I'll call the police.
No need to call the police.
I just sent a message to Manager Liu
He'll be there soon.
What do you think you are?
Manager Liu is the general responsibility of the entire Kangchen first grade
You think you can please move him
I really didn't collude with him
Miss, please believe me.
It's not what are you crazy about?
Don't happen to know where the suicide note is
Who dares to bully our eldest lady?